there's a difference between visible and
usable glutes if you don't believe me
try the pigeon getup like this visible
glutes are made by increasing the muscle
mass in the area and of course having a
little extra body fat can help but where
you store your body fat is mostly up to
genetics if somebody is trying to tell
you something else it's either surgery
or they're selling you something that
doesn't work and usable glutes in my
opinion are best trained through length
the biggest movement that glutes help
with is hip extension but if you only
train in the shortened position you
never address the lengthening that's
required by a simple squat so glutes
also need to be able to work while fully
stretched so my definition of usable
glutes is cheeks that work in both a
lengthened position like that and in
short positions like this cuz life is
not just about flexibility so step one
train the lengthened position but nobody
can start with a dragon squat so instead
do a pigeon good morning just like this
and if this is too difficult modify it
by bending that back leg and then you
can do it and even if that's too
difficult you can also use your hands to
help a little bit and if you're crazy
you can even add a little bit of weight
anyway do the variation that you can do
10 reps of without failing then step two
train the shortened position go straight
to hip thrust squeezing the glutes at
the top two legs is easier and one leg
is much harder and if you have access to
gym equipment use a bench in a barbell
to get a bit more stretch but but more
importantly you get the ability to
progressively overload which just means
adding more weight over time so just
like the other exercise choose the
variation that you can do 10 reps of
without failing so bounce back and forth
between these two exercises 10 reps here
10 reps here then rest and then you do
it again for a total of three sets and
yes your glutes are going to be sore but
if you consistently train this your
glutes are going to be both visible and
usable over time you start building
strength through that stretched out
position in that short position and you
get muscle growth come on it's a winwin
win stay
flexy oh if you want another video to
watch click one of these